2.What do you understand by convolation tokenizer?How it is used with MLP and made CONVMLP?
According to the paper convolutional tokenizer is a type of tokenizer which helps to extract the initial feature map and 
also helps to reduce computation and improve spatial connections.

In the paper the author use a convolutional tokenizer as it includes three convolutional blocks,each consisting of
blocks.Thus with the help of convolution tokenizer ,a depth-wise
convolution layer between two channel MLPs in one MLP
block and then call it Conv-MLP block. It is a 3x3 convolution layer with the same channel
to the two channel MLPs.As the convolution tokenizer include convolution block and 
convolution layer ,the convolution layer makes up the
deficiency of removing spatial MLPs, which improves the
performance by a large margin while only brings few parameters.


1
If MLP is used to encode spatial information then it requires fixing dimention of input which lacks the 
performance of MLP and also single stage design and following ViT may lack the performance
of MLP as they make predictions based on feature pyramids.Moreover large consecutive  
MLP lead to heavy computational burden and more parameters which includes high dimension of hidden layers
and for heavy computational burden and high dimensional parameter large consecutive MLP may lack the performance 
of MLPs for current computer vision tasks. 
The author propose ConvMLP to overcome the process as ConvMLP is a Hierarchical Convolutional MLP backbone for visual recognition.To take out
constraints on input dimension in other MLP, the authors first replaced all spatial MLPs with channel MLPs  
and make a pure-MLP baseline model. To make up spatial information interaction, they added a convolution stage which is light-weight on 
top of the rest MLP stages and also used convolution layers for down-sampling. Then, to augment spatial connections in MLP stages, they added a
simple 3 × 3 depthwise convolution between the two channel MLPs in each MLP block.This co-design of convolution
layers and MLP layers builds the ConvMLP model for image classification. Thus ConvMLP overcame such process and improves the lacking of MLP. 

3. The author experimented upon  ImageNet-1k, CIFAR-10/CIFAR-100, Flowers-102, MS COCO and
ADE20K benchmark datasets.
The authors have used same domain for all the datasets used  as all these datasets have image type data
for further image classification. 

4. Object detection and Semantic segmentation are dificult in the traditional MLP as it requires fixing dimention of input and  they
usually require arbitrary resolutions of input sizes as well. 
For example, if MLP is used to encode spatial information then it requires fixing dimention of input which is difficult in traditional
MLP and  MLP-Mixer was able to slightly excess ViTBase with its large variant in terms of computation. 
Similarly, ResMLP suffers from over 30% more parameters and complexity, compared to a transformer-based model of similar performance.
To overcome the difficulties of traditional MLP the authors proposed ConvMLP as It is a Hierarchical Convolutional MLP backbone for visual recognition. To take out
constraints on input dimension in other MLP, the authors first replaced all spatial MLPs with channel MLPs  
and make a pure-MLP baseline model. To make up spatial information interaction, they added a convolution stage which is light-weight on 
top of the rest MLP stages and also used convolution layers for down-sampling. Then, to augment spatial connections in MLP stages, they added a
simple 3 × 3 depthwise convolution between the two channel MLPs in each MLP block, then call it a Conv-MLP block. This co-design of convolution
layers and MLP layers builds the ConvMLP model for image classification.By doing different experiments on different datasets, it showed that ConvMLP is  
better for both  performance and model size. Thus ConvMLP overcame the difficulties 
as ConvMLP is scalable and can be seamlessly used for downstream tasks like object detection and semantic segmentation. 
